


I have always enjoyed discovering how things work and creatively solving problems.  Ever since I got my first programmable calculator in middle school I've been doing that through writing software.  As a professional, I have spent the last 15 years building, evolving, and maintaining enterprise scale software platforms with a focus on service development and deployment.  In that time I've developed a strong understanding of how to build systems that perform at scale with a focus on simple effective implementations to create maintainable systems.  I've also developed a passion for improving development efficiency by leveraging continuous integration, testing, delivery, and deployment best practices.

Recently, I've focused on integrating modern technologies into our legacy platform in a way that modernizes the build, testing, and deployment of the wealth of IP developed throughout the years without requiring costly rewrites.  Allowing developers a modern CI/CT/CD development experience for software that has been package delivered for decades.  Ensuring that even though the software may ultimately be delivered to some environments by packages it can be cloud deployed when required to meet the needs of the business.  All while providing a consistent view of the software to both developers and system operators regardless of how it's deployed into the various environments.  Developing a product-centric mindset has allowed me to better deliver incremental value as we transition from package to cloud and modernize the whole of our services platform.